The fourth tip is to save moves because it's pretty obvious that less moves is equal to less time.
What I mean by save moves is find better ways to do things and be efficient.
This doesn't apply to all other, since those are just algorithms.
But during a cross or after, well, you might see an edge or pair that and you might get stuck to it.
So, for example, I see this blue orange pair, but it's stuck in the slot and needs to go here.
So one way to do this is to take this out and then insert this.
Now I have this one solved, but now the blue rat has to be solved again.
So I need to do more moves.
And then now I took way too many moves just to solve two cases.
So if I were saving moves, then I know that if I insert the correct pair here, this blue edge pair
will get displaced.
So here I have my red blue pair.
And instead of doing this one first, I'm going to solve this one so that this will get displaced and
then I'll answer it.
So if I go ahead and solve the pair like that with a sledgehammer, then now this one's immediately
displaced.
I can easily insert her with three moves.
So that took seven moves total versus the complete mess that I did earlier when I just saved moves and
inserted this one first.
So basically what I'm saying is don't get stuck on one pair or EDG if it's stuck somewhere or it's really
hard to solve.
Just do something else first so that you'll get an easier case and you can solve that one afterwards.
So just look around for alternatives and be efficient.